all right this is the earth Queen carbon
belly racer about to unbox right now so
my trusty knife yes we've been waiting
all day for this although we haven't
wrote 20 flats for the post office see
if it was there oh my how to cut
you so much makeup here so hey all right
keep going you spastic so if you pull
any faces all right the other way each
oh hey go away here all right let me
talkin I'm cutting it actually pretty
shoot for your Lebanese and you
go yeah he's got that right guys it's
got that right there's a really you
getting caught me accidentally because
you don't know how to get you all out of
my face you big dork alright nigga
Danielle side and I got on 40 inches of
data group for this as well I can feel
something my hair is good hurry up we
like Corey nigga best oh yeah dinner cut
across that huh that way okay I don't
know they did a good job of wrapping it
very good coming okay I wants to take
they put on they just like that so if
you just need to close it like that Alex
and go sorry to ensure maximum
protection junkyard delivery guy season
okay I love it here we hang up on the
board inside that it or we'll get all
the game holy okay that is not
carbon fun all right I got this everyone
loves is my 40 inches of data grip good
that's pretty good
here we go earthwing carbon belly racer
this is sexy oh my god that
let me touch it all yeah it's very very
sexy yeah I want to scratch it earthwing
logo right here you can see the carbon
fiber string is in there it's very good
doesn't weigh that much actually feels
pretty sexy even light and that's nice
trippy out I don't know if you can see
they're all that concave it's very good
to get in feels just to make that little
microcopy you concur yeah I think it
does have a micro w but not much we're
going to add some stuff so this is ben
unboxing i'll quickly to show you come
on monk monk clunk up a concave ok say
probably hey wait let me position the
camera that is the sexy concave right
there and Benjamin to fat ugly head it's
beautiful
sexy concave some SWAT no be it's very
very slow so we probably add to that a
bit more that's it just wing carbon
belly rise up alrighty goodbye